update: lip-13.md (#106)
lidofinance/lido-improvement-proposals: LIPS/lip-13.md

Reviewer: Let's add updated column (as done in https://github.com/lidofinance/lido-improvement-proposals/blob/develop/LIPS/lip-16.md)

Author: done

- 100,000 DAI

Also, this limits will be working in whitelist mode and transferring all other 
ERC-20 tokens will be prohibited.

Note: The limits above reflect the initial proposed configuration. The currently active

> limits are documented in the "Appendix A. Current limits" section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
limits are documented in the "Appendix A. Easy Track payment limits history" section below.
```

Author: fixed

* [Guide to Easy Track](https://docs.lido.fi/guides/easy-track-guide)
* [Aragon ACL docs](https://hack.aragon.org/docs/aragonos-ref#parameter-interpretation)
* [LIP-13 implementation](https://github.com/lidofinance/scripts/pull/33)

## Appendix A. Current limits
Following the implementation of LIP-13, the Easy Track payment limits have been
adjusted through subsequent DAO governance decisions (see the latest relevant vote

> [here](https://vote.lido.fi/vote/195)).

Reviewer: There was at least 1 more on-chain vote with these limits update, please find it and attach a reference here as well for the full track change history

Author: done
